README.md, before:

# GradeRecorder

## Introduction:

Grade Recorder (name subject to change) would allow Harvard-Westlake students to view all of their grades in real time. Gone are the days of waiting patiently for grades to come out and living in fearful anticipation of what letter will appear on your transcript. Grade Recorder will allow students to keep track of their grades by recording all of the assignments in each official HW class and prompting users for grade inputs. Built-in weighing metrics will be implemented per class, allowing students to see how they are doing real time for each academic subject. 

## Value: 
In addition to giving HW students peace of mind, Grade Recorder will allow students to think strategically about the time they put into each class to improve their GPA and wellbeing.

## Competition: 
To satisfy the competitive aspect of the assignment, users will be given the ability to make bets about their own grades and that of willing participants. Students will be able to gamble in real-time over who will get the highest (and lowest) grade in each class and on each assignment. By betting on the successes of our fellow students, users will achieve a level of toxicity that they never knew they needed. The whole grading system will be gamified like never before!

## User Interactions

### Class Inputting: 
- The user can enter classes that they are currently enrolled in from a list of options. 

- Classes automatically contain inputs for all graded assignments. These assignments are created by website admins and by other students. i.e a student might input "Unit 2 Test" and every other user will be given the option to input their grade for the Unit 2 Test

- Teacher grading scales can also be inputted

Grade Inputting:
- Users will input their scores on all assignments listed for each class

- If an assignment is not lsited, the user can add it manually

- Grades will be autocalculated and displayed

- There will be an option to get a notification everytime an assignment has been graded so the user does not forget to input their grades

### Betting Specificities
Betting can be facilitated with the following monetary tools:
1. In-game currency
Use of a token system could create a fun, lighthearted betting system where winning bets would only provide you with more bragging rights and perhaps access to special features within the website

2. Crypto
When we begin our crypto unit, we can mint a coin and use that to facilitated bets. This will help link different concepts that we learn throughout the year and give future units are fun use-case. 

3. Real money
This might not be possible, but a direct connection to venmo or credit card info could facilitate bets with real money. However, the risks of this are likely too high and should be avoided

## Engagement: 
Users will be drawn to the website due to the convenience it provides in gradekeeping and the entertainment created by the betting feature. 

## Scalability and Expansion: 
The following goals can be implemented to improve the effectiveness of the website

-  Creating a direct communication between Grade Recorder and the hub, allowing for instantaneous inputting of all assignments graded on the hub

- Creating an app like iHW for displaying grade information.  

- Expanding to more schools 

## Accessibility and Inclusivity: 
There will be no limits to who can access the website, but some features (such as inputting class specific information) will only be available to students with a harvard westlake email. This does not violate the accessibility and inclusivity law since people without a HW email do not constitute a protected class

Commit message:

Added a philosophy section discussing toxicity

README.md, after:

# HW Bets

## Introduction:

HW Bets would allow Harvard-Westlake students to view all of their grades in real time. Gone are the days of waiting patiently for grades to come out and living in fearful anticipation of what letter will appear on your transcript. Grade Recorder will allow students to keep track of their grades by recording all of the assignments in each official HW class and prompting users for grade inputs. Built-in weighing metrics will be implemented per class, allowing students to see how they are doing real time for each academic subject. 

## Philosophy
An immediate concern about this website idea is that it is toxic. Why do some believe its toxic? Since people place so much emphasis on grades and colleges, they are immediately sensitive to the idea of gamifying such an important aspect of their life. However, it is exactly that hyperfixation on grades that makes HW toxic. By showing students that grades and college decisions are as irrelevant in the grand scheme of things as who will come first in a horse race or win the Superbowl, we will shatter the notion that grades define who we are. We the students will cast away this society of toxicity and grade obsession, and replace it with gamified betting. 

## Value: 
In addition to giving HW students peace of mind, Grade Recorder will allow students to think strategically about the time they put into each class to improve their GPA and wellbeing.

## Competition: 
To satisfy the competitive aspect of the assignment, users will be given the ability to make bets about their own grades and that of willing participants. Students will be able to gamble in real-time over who will get the highest (and lowest) grade in each class and on each assignment. By betting on the successes of our fellow students, users will achieve a level of toxicity that they never knew they needed. The whole grading system will be gamified like never before!

## User Interactions

### Class Inputting: 
- The user can enter classes that they are currently enrolled in from a list of options. 

- Classes automatically contain inputs for all graded assignments. These assignments are created by website admins and by other students. i.e a student might input "Unit 2 Test" and every other user will be given the option to input their grade for the Unit 2 Test

- Teacher grading scales can also be inputted

Grade Inputting:
- Users will input their scores on all assignments listed for each class

- If an assignment is not lsited, the user can add it manually

- Grades will be autocalculated and displayed

- There will be an option to get a notification everytime an assignment has been graded so the user does not forget to input their grades

### Betting Specificities
Betting can be facilitated with the following monetary tools:
1. In-game currency
Use of a token system could create a fun, lighthearted betting system where winning bets would only provide you with more bragging rights and perhaps access to special features within the website

2. Crypto
When we begin our crypto unit, we can mint a coin and use that to facilitated bets. This will help link different concepts that we learn throughout the year and give future units are fun use-case. 

3. Real money
This might not be possible, but a direct connection to venmo or credit card info could facilitate bets with real money. However, the risks of this are likely too high and should be avoided

## Engagement: 
Users will be drawn to the website due to the convenience it provides in gradekeeping and the entertainment created by the betting feature. 

## Scalability and Expansion: 
The following goals can be implemented to improve the effectiveness of the website

-  Creating a direct communication between Grade Recorder and the hub, allowing for instantaneous inputting of all assignments graded on the hub

- Creating an app like iHW for displaying grade information.  

- Expanding to more schools 

## Accessibility and Inclusivity: 
There will be no limits to who can access the website, but some features (such as inputting class specific information) will only be available to students with a harvard westlake email. This does not violate the accessibility and inclusivity law since people without a HW email do not constitute a protected class
